Update contributing doc (#180)
rubocop/rubocop-minitest: CONTRIBUTING.md

* If your change has a corresponding open GitHub issue, prefix the commit message with `[Fix #github-issue-number]`.
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it
  in a future version unintentionally.

> * If you are adding a new cop add an entry for it in `config/default.yml`.  Use `VersionAdded: '<<next>>'`.

Reviewer: I think it's probably better to explanation rake task `new_cop` instead.

```suggestion
* If you are adding a new cop [use the bundled rake task `new_cop` to generate a cop template][7].
```

If so, please update the entry and add the following link at the end.

```markdown
[7]: https://docs.rubocop.org/rubocop/development.html
```

Author: indeed, that's what i should have started with 😅

* If the change has a related GitHub issue (e.g. a bug fix for a reported issue), put a link to the issue as `[#123](https://github.com/rubocop/rubocop-minitest/issues/123): `.
* Describe the brief of the change. The sentence should end with a punctuation.
* At the end of the entry, add an implicit link to your GitHub user page as `([@username][])`.

> * Alternatively, you may modify the CHANGELOG file directly, but this may result in conflicts later on.

Reviewer: This entire entry line seems unnecessary.

```suggestion
```
